# DigitalLock
For this project I created an FSM to control this digital lock and implemented it on a Zedboard. I had to create a total of twelve states for the FSM which were: Idle, t1, t2, t3, unlock, w1, w2, w3, alarm, recover, rst_buffer1, and rst_buffer2. In the idle state the lock is active and to show this I had an LED turn on and shift across one bit at a time. If the correct button for the combination was pressed then it would enter state t1. In this state I had the far right led on. If the second correct button for the combination was pressed then it would enter state t2 and I have the far right two LEDs on. If the third correct button was pressed the lock would enter the t3 state and the 3 right most LEDs would be on. If the final correct button is pressed then the lock would enter the unlock state and all the LEDs would be on. When in the unlock state any button press would send the lock back into the idle state. Now to handle the incorrect combinations, I created states to handle this. If the first button press was incorrect, it would enter w1 state and the far left led would turn on. The next incorrect press would move the lock into w2 state and the two leftmost LEDs would be on. On the third incorrect button press would move the lock in w3 state and the three leftmost LEDs would be on. If one last incorrect button was pressed then the lock would enter the alarm sate where I would have all the LEDs flash on and off to simulate an alarm. Once it is in the alarm state, it won’t leave this state until the first button of the admin code is pressed then it would enter the recover state. Once in the recover state it will only go to the unlock sate if the second correct admin code button is pressed, if not it will revert back to the alarm state. I also implemented a reset combination. The way this would work was once it was in w1 or t1 state and then I could press the first button of the reset combination and then it would enter the rst_buffer1 state. Once in this state, if I pressed the next correct button of the reset combination then it would be sent back to the idle state. If the wrong button is pressed then it would enter the w3 state. Now if I input the reset combination when it’s in w2 state then it would enter rst_buffer2 on the first correct press of the reset combination. Once in the rst_buffer2 state if I pressed the second correct button of the reset combination then it would enter idle otherwise it would enter the alarm state since it would be the fourth incorrect button press.

Correct Combination: S-W-E-W
Reset Combination: E-E

